Prepare for `v0.11.0` release (#161)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs: README.md

* Copy all non-template files to the output website directory
* Process all the remaining templates to generate files for the output website directory

For inspiration, you can look at the templates and output of the
[`terraform-provider-random`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-random)
and [`terraform-provider-tls`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-tls).

> And you can browser their respective docs on the Terraform Registry,

Reviewer: Nit: 

```suggestion
You can browse their respective docs on the Terraform Registry,
```
